DP-23017: Document how to debug twig templates (#1038)
massgov/openmass: README.md

### Xdebug

> If you know where a problem is happening in your code, Xdebug is a useful tool that allows you set breakpoints to trace the problem back. See [PHP Step Debugging](https://ddev.readthedocs.io/en/stable/users/step-debugging/) for ddev specific setup instructions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you know where a problem is happening in your code, Xdebug is a useful tool that allows you set breakpoints to trace the problem back. See [How to setup Xdebug for PHP](./docs/drupal_twig_debugging.md)
```
